content fixes (#906)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/monetization/index.mdx

## Paid Apps

> You can create a paid app right within the [Developers Console](https://developers.livechat.com/console/). It's the simplest way to generate revenue from apps installed by LiveChat customers.

Reviewer: Please use {{DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL}}

Author: done :D

> You can create a paid app right within the [Developers Console](https://developers.livechat.com/console/). It's the simplest way to generate revenue from apps installed by LiveChat customers.

Author: ```suggestion
You can create a paid app right within the {{DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL}}. It's the simplest way to generate revenue from apps installed by LiveChat customers.
```
